Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to fix texture scaling when
stretching an object. Okay, first of
all, let's see the first one. Okay, I
choose shade cube for example.
I want to add this texture.
Look at this. It's stretched. Let's fix
this problem.
How to do that? Okay, before we doing
the uh fixing,
we have to show this material. Okay,
look at this
one. I fixed just a stat tree. Okay,
when I skate this texture is fixing
automatically, but the first is not fix.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, let's create a
new project.
Double click to the editor.
Okay. Okay. So, go right here. New
project. Sector person.
Rename it what you want.
Okay. The first thing you want to do is
to go here to the file marketplace and
download a material
texture and material for this tutorial.
You can choose any
search for brick.
Choose anyone. more filter
price to free.
Okay, let's see. Choose this. Want to
choose highest quality as possible.
Add to my project.
Okay. Now, let's go right here. Close
this.
And let's go here. I choose sh choose a
cube.
Let's type this model
and let's see.
Press R.
Look at this stretched.
How to fix this? Okay, let's go here. Go
to shapes. Choose a cube.
Drag this cube. right here.
And now let's uh fix this problem.
Okay, let's go here to the content,
create new material, rename it fix mat.
Double click right here.
And let's
search for K parameter constant.
Convert this one
parameter named SC.
Make it to default value. And
after this we have to add our textures.
Okay. Mix cancerous.
Select all of them and drag it here.
Now let's add this node world aligned
texture.
Go here and go here to convert texture
to object.
Do the same thing for all of these
textures.
After this, drag it here.
Copy and paste.
Duplicate another time.
After doing this, we have to go here,
drag all of this to the texture size,
circle through the size.
Yes.
Okay. Now, the final thing we want to do
is to go here for the text X, Y, and Z.
This one for the base color normal to
the normal where is map and this one
this ambient occlusion.
Okay. Hit apply.
Save all.
Okay. Now let's test it.
Let's go right here
and let's see the difference between us.
Let's try the content and drag this my
material and that's it
and
okay look at this stretch material is
done is gone.
Look the difference between us.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later on
in the next tutorial.